# London Rust Hackers

We are a bunch of hackers learning and improving in the use of the
[Rust programming language](https://www.rust-lang.org/).

Our current group is based in London, but if you're interested in
creating another group somewhere else in the UK you're more than
welcome to add your pages here, and we can also add subdomains of
rustaceans.uk if that suits you. Just write to our mailing list or
contact [Christian](users/Christian_Jaeger.md).

## Wiki

This is a normal Github repository. If you'd like to participate, ask
to be added as a member of [this Github
organization](https://github.com/LondonRustLearners) (contact
[Christian](mailto:chrjae@gmail.com) if there's no obvious way to
request it from the Github website), you can then edit the wiki pages,
or create new repositories within the group. (Alternatively you can fork 
this repository then send pull requests without being member (yet).)

(Note: if you want to edit this README file, then you need to click on
it in the file view above this text first, and log in, to get the
stencil symbol at the right for editing online. You can also clone and
push back changes to this repository without going through the
website.)

## Plans

The first aim is to get a minimal fluency in Rust, by working through
[the Rust book](http://doc.rust-lang.org/book/)
(online). [Christian](mailto:chrjae@gmail.com) is happy to organize to
meet with anyone who likes to do the same; he is member of the [London
Hackspace](https://london.hackspace.org.uk/) and is currently there on
most days, and can invite guests, there is usually space available to
sit down and discuss (needs advance booking for bigger groups), so the
obvious choice is to meet there. What about a first meeting on May 12
or 13?

Those with a minimal fluency could decide to work on their own
projects, then still regularly meet up (in the group, or subgroups) to
exchange about findings and difficulties, to learn from each other's
experiences. A slightly different idea is to work on a project shared
with other group members, for example implementation of security
sensitive system libraries and programs like a DHCP client, etc., or
working on parts of the [Redox OS](http://www.redox-os.org/)
([HN](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10295187)), etc.

## Links

* [Rust London User Group](http://www.meetup.com/Rust-London-User-Group/)

## Index

* [Location](Location.md)
* [Teaching](Teaching.md)
* [User pages](User_pages.md)

